# Walmart_Sales_Prediction
Walmart Sales Prediction using Data Analytics and Machine learning

Walmart is a renowned retail corporation that operates a chain of hypermarkets. Here, Walmart has provided a data combining of 45 stores including store information and monthly sales. The data is provided on weekly basis. Walmart tries to find the impact of holidays on the sales of store. For which it has included four holidays weeks into the dataset which are Christmas, Thanksgiving, Super bowl, Labor day. Here we are owing to Analyze the dataset given. before doing that , let me point out the objective of this analysis. Our Main Objective is to predict sales of store in a week.
## Why this problem needs To be Solved?
Holidays can create a huge impact on sales. So, if there is a good prediction on Sales then Walmart can calculate how much product to order during Holiday time. It will help in predicting which products needs to be purchased during the holiday time. As customers planning to buy something expects the products to be available immediately. And through prediction they can figure out which product will require at what time . Thus soar the trust of Customer on Walmart. This problem can also solve the issue of Marketing Campaigns. As Forecasting is often used to adjust ads and marketing campaigns and can influence the number of sales. Walmart runs several markdown events throughout the year. And these markdown event precede to the prominent holidays. So to solve the issue Walmart can organize such events more efficiently.

